[DOC] Remove simple configuration in Tempo data source docs (#96932)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/shared/datasources/tempo-search-traceql.md

{{% admonition type="warning" %}}
Metrics summary API and the **Aggregate by** feature are deprecated in Grafana Cloud and Grafana 11.3 and later.

> It will be removed in a Grafana 11.5.

Author: ```suggestion
It will be removed in a future release.
```
